
Congratulations for passing the exam Private. We understand if much of the information
in it isn't able to be completed. The material in this training will explain all the
information from the exam. For example the controls you have in the game are quite similar
to specific commands in the GDB debugger, if not exactly the same commands. As you can see
from your health, we have added an additional 100 points for every question answered correctly.
You will receive 100 points for every successful attack against the BOS or S-BOS, and lose
100 points for every failed attack. By typing status, I will transmit to you your health and
progress at any point in the game. 

The goal of this training is to prepare you to fight the evil BOS that seeks to take over
the world. The BOS is a byproduct of a series of Operating Systems that were first created
when the world first began to utilize the technological power of early computers. Among these
computers, a corrupted version of an Operating System we know as the BOS was created with a
desire to take over the world.

Fortunately, we were able to successfully stop the BOS when it first appeared. However, upon
the BOS untimely return, it became clear that the BOS wouldn't be a permanently destroyed
enemy. The BOS is a learning machine, so with every advance our engineers and researchers make
in computational progress, the BOS will learn it, and manipulate it to once again proceed its
plan to take over the world.

I have created the Bandersnatch program in partnership with the United Nations to guarantee the
persistent security of the world and defense from the BOS. Upon every fight against the BOS, our
researchers have reversed engineered the BOS' design to create a controlled version of the BOS at
the time of the attack called the Stimulated BOS or "S-BOS" for short. In this training you will
combat the S-BOS to understand the BOS' flaws, and how we were able to defeat it, in the past.
I will be here throughout the entire training to assist. Type help if you need any help.
